Crohn’s disease is a type of inflammatory bowel disease
that causes inflammation in your digestive tract.
In Crohn’s disease any part of the digestive tract can be affected,
but it most commonly affects the end of the small intestine
and the beginning of the large intestine, or colon.
Inflammation can be continuous or may be patchy.
It often spreads into deeper layers of the bowel wall.
Crohn’s disease can cause diarrhea,
abdominal pain, fatigue, weight loss and malnutrition.
Symptoms vary between people.
Some people may experience only mild or occasional symptoms
and for some it can be very painful
and sometimes may lead to life-threatening complications.
There is no cure for Crohn’s disease
but treatment can reduce its signs and symptoms.